So, guys, now we are already familiar that whole procedure called algorithm.
So here I have taken one slide to write down the formal steps regarding our process of call algorithm
is executed.
So when the caller calls the call function, following the steps takes place on most common Linux system
architectures.
So in order to set up a static frame of the calling function into the stack manually, the very first
thing that caller needs to do is to push the arguments of the call function in the reverse order in
the stack mummery.
So you can see that this operation is performed by the function itself, that in the second step the
caller needs to push the orders off next instruction as the return address in the call is a static frame.
Right.
So the current value of the IP register is then pushed into the stack memory.
And this action is also done by the caller function, the calling function that takes over from the
step three.
So it is the responsibility of the function to push the previous frames based pointer register value
and copy the value of E.S.P to SBP.
So it is SBP, right, not Aebi.
So you can see that the old value of this pointer register is stored into the stack memory of the function,
and then the best pointer to value is updated as part of the stack frame.
So after execution of this instruction, Epirus external stores the address where commerce based point,
the registered value is saved in the stack frame in a stop number four.
It is the college's responsibility to set the program counter here program Countryman's IP Register.
So IP that is updated to store the address of the next instruction and the calling function, which
is to be executed.
So as soon as the value of IP that value is.
Ability to store the address of first instruction of the function, then the execution of the calling
function starts, and now in the final step, it is the responsibility to push the local variables of
quality function that is its own variable into the stock memory.
Right.
And finally, in this type sake's, the call is the stark frame has been completely set up and now it
can execute its logic.
So not that here with every Bush operation, that stack pointer that is ESP is DiClemente DiClemente
means it points to the more noble atrous in the stack mummery.
Right, because we push the data in the stack memory and the stack manually grows downwards.
Similarly, with every pop operation, the stack pointer registers value is incremented, so incremented
here will result in the stack pointer to point to a more higher address in the stack mummery.
In other words, the pop operation frees Stack mamady and make the stack mummery available for further
use.
So these are the six steps that we have discussed in the algorithm, you may want to revisit the algorithm
and apply these six steps in the same sequence.
And this will be crystal clear in your mind regarding how that stack frame of the function is set up
before the quality function actually starts its execution.
Note that the code that I've written and this a slide which is in yellow color, is actually the assembly
code.
So I have written this assembly code here in order to tell you that how actually the called algorithm
looks at assembly code level.